Feat: Add new version on website for the documentation (#156)
api-platform/website: README.md

yarn gatsby serve
# Go to http://localhost:9000
```

> ## Add new version on website for the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publishing Docs For New Versions
```

> 1/ Create new branch of version in repository [api-platform/docs](https://github.com/api-platform/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a branch for the new version [in the `api-platform/docs` repository](https://github.com/api-platform/docs).
```

> 

Reviewer: to remove

> 2/ Update the [Algolia configuration](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs/blob/master/configs/api-platform.json) in reposiotry [algolia/docsearch-configs](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update [Algolia DocSearch configuration](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs/blob/master/configs/api-platform.json)
```

> ```JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  "index_name": "api-platform",
  "start_urls": [
    {
      "url": "https://api-platform.com/docs/(?P<version>.*?)/",
      "variables": {
        "version": [
          "master",
          "2.5",
          "2.4",
          "2.3",
          "2.2",
          "2.1"
        ]
      }
    },
    ...
  },
  ...
}
```

> 3/ Update the configuration in `constants.js` on project root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the new version in [`constants.js`](https://github.com/api-platform/website/blob/master/constants.js)
```

> ```JAVASCRIPT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript
```
